Acknowledgements of what could be changed or improved on:
    1. At the moment, under the <ProtectedRoutes /> component, the client checks with the server to insure the user is still authenticated. This causes a slight flicker in UI elements as the async all goes out and the child elements are suspended while that check is complete. This is a byproduct of strictly using JWT, I explored other options such as localStorage or sessionStorage but placing authentication in those poses a security risk from other websites taking the token. For the time being, I swapped the ternary operator to allow for the UI element to load optimistically and then if the auth check fails, kicks them back to the login page. This allows users to directly navigate to a protected route for a split second while that check happens. Should this of been a production large scale app, this would have to be addressed. The solutions are large scale: 1. Server Side Rendering 2. Caching 3. Pre-fetching for example.
    2. Alot of the pages use the same layout, 3 columns one row. I could potentially just make one component which accepts which view the user is rendering and swap the middle column out. Could reduce quite a bit of duplicate code and make it easier to understand that each route just renders a seperate middle column.
    3. When a user uploads an image, right now it is stored within the server. At this point in my web development experience I'm unsure if an app was to grow to a massive size if allowing all images to be stored server side would be a problem should it scale that large.
    4. When retrieving a users tweets on their profile, to get the pinned post for that profile Node currently gets the tweets, finds the index of the Tweet object then splices and places it in the first position of the array holding the user's tweets. This seems like it could be an expensive operation server side. As an alternative I could set up a second API point specifically to offload the operation to the database to specifically fetch the pinned post.

    TODO:
    Protect all API routes by checking for presense of JWT, possibly other verifications.